---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# SGA - Frequently Asked Questions

## Student Government Operational Fund (SGOF)

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from SGOF or funding from SGOF, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

As a USAC officer or appointed position-holder, you will submit your
signature in the beginning of your appointment. However, for any of
your staff members to be able to sign reqs, your office must have a
signatory authorization form on file with SGA, before any of the
funds may be accessed. A signatory authorization form is good for
one fiscal year (August-July). These individuals are those that are
authorized by the student government office to approve expenses
using the office's SGOF funds.

When utilizing your SGOF funds, there are 3 options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most departments, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair (FiCom). You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate
folder according to the division portion of your 21-digit account
number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option.

</dd>
<dt>I am receiving a stipend, but I need help.</dt>
<dd>
First of all, for most USAC elected position, the stipend amount is
already set and all you need to do it fill out a New Hire Form
Packet to SGA. (See third step below.)

If you are an appointed or staff person in an elected official's
office, that elected official must turn in a list of the individuals
in their office who are to receive a stipend. The list must include
the complete name, title within the office, and stipend amount
(quarterly or bimonthly) of each person. This list needs to be turn
in to SGA at 332 Kerckhoff Hall.

Second, a Budget Transfer Form is needed to transfer funds into the
Assistance account (G/L Code 5001) and must be submit to SGA at 332
Kerckhoff Hall. This form is available at SGA or online.

Third, each individual receiving a stipend must fill out a New Hire
Form Packet and turn it into SGA themselves with their I-9 ID.
(Examples include a US Passport or State issued ID card plus Social
Security Card.) The front page of the New Hire Form Packet must be
signed by the elected or appointed official.

Keep in mind, that the deadline for all New Hire Form Packets is
Wednesday of 5th week of each quarter. If you miss the deadline, you
will not get paid for that quarter.

In order to be eligible for a stipend, you must be continuously
enrolled in at least 4 units each quarter and maintain a 2.0 GPA.

Once each quarter, ASUCLA performs an eligibility check, to confirm
the status of each student on the payroll of the student
governments. ASUCLA policy stipulates that all ASUCLA student
positions be filled only by currently enrolled, regular session UCLA
students.

If you are interested in direct deposit for your stipend, you need
to go to ASUCLA Payroll in 219 Kerckhoff Hall, otherwise your check
is available for pick up at SGA.

Pay days are the 7th and 22nd for those receiving their stipends
bi-monthly. If Pay day falls on a weekend or holiday, it will be the
preceding Friday instead. For those receiving their stipends
quarterly, you will be paid the last payday of the quarter. See SGA
for the exact date.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.

</dd>
<dt>Where do I get req forms?</dt>
<dd>
For Student Government offices, req forms are NOT free! They are
available for purchase from SGA in batches of ten for $ 1.00 (a dime
each). Only those who are authorized signatories for the office may
purchase reqs. The charge for the reqs will be against your
budget/SGOF funds.

Please keep in mind that a req form is "per payee, per
event/receipt." For reimbursements, the person who paid for the
expense needs to be the one getting reimbursed. If they paid for
expenses for multiple events, (and there are separate receipts),
there needs to be separate reqs filled out.

For example:

-   Case A: If Joe Bruin bought office supplies from Staples and
    then Josie Bruin bought other office supplies from Staples, you
    would need two reqs.
-   Case B: If Joe Bruin bought office supplies from Office Depot,
    and also from Staples, the payee is only Joe Bruin and only one
    req is needed with both receipts from Office Depot and Staples
    attached.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
</dd>
</dl>

## Student Organizations Operational Fund (SOOF)

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from SOOF or funding from SOOF, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

Your student organization must have a signatory authorization form
on file with SGA, before any of the funds may be accessed. A
signatory authorization form is good for one fiscal year
(August-July) and each department must have at least two signatories
on file. These individuals are those that are authorized by the
student group to approve expenses using the department's funds.

When utilizing your SOOF funds, there are 3 options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most student groups, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair. You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate folder
according to the division portion of your 21-digit account number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option for Reimbursement, or Honorariums.

</dd>
<dt>I am supposed to get a stipend, but I need help.</dt>
<dd>
First of all, the person in charge of the finances or President of
your organization must turn in a list of the individuals in your
group (no more than 10 people) who are to receive a stipend. The
list must include the complete name, title within the group, and
stipend amount (quarterly or bimonthly) of each person. This list
needs to be turn in to SGA at 332 Kerckhoff Hall.

Second, a Budget Transfer Form is needed to transfer funds into the
Assistance account (G/L Code 5001) and must be submit to SGA at 332
Kerckhoff Hall. This form is available at SGA or online.

Third, each individual receiving a stipend must fill out a New Hire
Form Packet and turn it into SGA themselves with their I-9 ID.
(Examples include a US Passport or State issued ID card plus Social
Security Card.)

Keep in mind, that the deadline for all New Hire Form Packets is
Friday of 5th week of each quarter. If you miss the deadline, you
will not get paid for that quarter.

In order to be eligible for a stipend, you must be continuously
enrolled in at least 4 units each quarter and maintain a 2.0 GPA.

If you are interested in direct deposit for your stipend, you need
to go to ASUCLA Payroll in 160 Kerckhoff Hall, otherwise your check
is available for pick up at SGA.

Pay days are the 7th and 22nd for those receiving their stipends
bi-monthly. If Pay day falls on a weekend or holiday, it will be the
preceding Friday instead. For those receiving their stipends
quarterly, you will be paid the last payday of the quarter. See SGA
for the exact date.

</dd>
<dt>What does the SOOF cover for my organization?</dt>
<dd>
The SOOF covers items for the day to day operations of officially
registered undergraduate student organizations. The specific line
items it covers are Supplies, Graphics, Assistance, Advertising, and
Retreats. The Supplies for day to day costs usually can include
items like copies for agendas for meetings, pens, staples etc.
Assistance usually goes towards stipended positions for your staff.
Graphics can be used for flyers and/or brochures for staff
recruitment. Advertising can be used for staff recruitment.

</dd>
<dt>What does the SOOF not cover for my organization?</dt>
<dd>
The SOOF will not fund the cost of Supplies, Graphics, Assistance or
Advertising which supports specific programs.

SOOF does not fund Food, or any socially related items.

Article VI.D.1.d. of the USAC Bylaws states: "USAC shall not provide
funds for charms, pens, trophies, or any other similar items for any
social activities with the exception of paper certificates of
appreciation for Community Service Commission volunteers."

</dd>
<dt>Where can I get an application for the Student Organizations Operational Fund (SOOF)?</dt>
<dd>
You can find a copy of the SOOF application, guidelines and
priorities, calendar, and a Budget workshop on PowerPoint at the
[USA website](http://www.usac.ucla.edu). Click on Funding and then
Student Government Accounting and then Operational and the documents
are available under the heading Student Organizations Operational
Fund.

</dd>
<dt>I applied to Main SOOF earlier this year. Can I also apply to 2nd SOOF?</dt>
<dd>
No. Each student organization may apply to SOOF once every academic
year. Although SOOF does have two hearing periods (referred to as
"Main SOOF" and "2nd SOOF") **your organization may apply only one
time**. Proposals for Main SOOF are due in the beginning of
September (for the exact date, please see the Budget Review
Director), no later than 5pm. Proposals for 2nd SOOF are due in
January (again, see the BRD for the exact date). **Remember that you
can apply only once a year for SOOF. Also keep in mind that SOOF
does not cover retroactive funding.**

</dd>
<dt>Can I get T-Shirts to promote my organization?</dt>
<dd>
Yes. The SOOF Advertising line item may be used to purchase T-shirts
from ASUCLA Licensed Dealers (see ?UCLA Licensee List ? By Product
Category' at
[www.asucla.ucla.edu/licensing/licensees.asp](http://www.asucla.ucla.edu/licensing/licensees.asp)).
However, you can not use SOOF to buy T-shirts for a specific program
or event. T-shirts can only be purchased as advertisement for an
organization as a whole. For example, you may purchase T-shirts for
the Chess Club at UCLA; you may not for the Chess Club at UCLA's
Annual Ski Trip. T-shirts must include "Paid for by USAC" and must
include the USAC logo (minimum dimensions for logo: 3" x 5") if
these expenses will be funded in part or in whole by USAC.

</dd>
<dt>Does my organization's SOOF application have to be typed?</dt>
<dd>
Because the application is in Microsoft Word format, it is
conveniently set up for you to input your data. Typewritten
applications are strongly recommended, however handwritten
applications will also be accepted.

</dd>
<dt>What are proposals and hearings judged on?</dt>
<dd>
Your funding proposal and hearing will be assessed based upon your
organization's ability to meet the Minimum Criteria as well as the
Budget Review Committee's (BRC) Priorities and Guidelines. In
addition, the score sheet that the BRC will utilize to score each
individual organization is posted on the website. Please sign up for
your hearing on the day that you submit your application and be sure
to show up to your hearing at least 15 minutes before it is
scheduled to begin.

</dd>
<dt>What is the structure of the hearing? What do I need to bring?</dt>
<dd>
You must sign up for a hearing time when you turn in your
application. Hearings last approximately 15 minutes. It will begin
with an introduction of the Budget Review Committee. You will then
be allowed a 3-minute opening. During this time you can give a brief
introduction of your organization. Be sure to include why you are
applying for funding, your organization's need for funding, and how
your organization benefits the campus community. This will be
followed by a 10-minute Q&A. The BRC will ask you questions
pertaining to your application and based on the scores sheet.
Afterwards you will have a 2-minute closing in which you can restate
your need for funding or tie up any loose ends you'd like to mention
before the BRC scores your application and hearing. You don't need
to bring anything to the hearing. However it may be beneficial to
bring a copy of your application for reference.

</dd>
<dt>What kind of questions will be asked during the hearing?</dt>
<dd>
The BRC will ask questions based on the organization's application.

**Typical questions include**: "Where will you store your office
supplies?," "Why do you feel is it necessary to have (specific item
requested)?," " What collaborations are you working on this year
with other student groups?," and "How does your organization
encourage participation?"

</dd>
<dt>I just need money for programming. Is this the right place to come to?</dt>
<dd>
No, it is not. You should apply for funds from the USA Programming
Fund, or the Campus Programs Committee Regular Fund, or the Campus
Programs Committee Mini-Fund.

</dd>
<dt>What if my organization is in need of more operational funds than the line-item caps permit?</dt>
<dd>
You should go ahead and express your complete needs regardless of
the caps in order for the Budget Review Committee to see your needs
fully demonstrated numerically.

</dd>
<dt>What additional funding sources are available other than SOOF?</dt>
<dd>
There are 3 other funding sources available through USAC.

1.  USA Programming Fund for Programming Expenses like Facilities,
    Advertisements, Graphics, Honorarium, and Supplies for your
    event/program, except Food, T-shirts, Compact Disks (including
    DVDs), Cameras, Flowers and plants for gifts, Candles, IM Sports
    fees, Decorations, Personal reimbursements of Honorarium
    payments made to an individual, Picture Frames, Plaques and
    Engraving, Trophies & Charms, Parking Citations.
2.  Contingency for Expenses related to your event. Keep in mind
    that Contingency Applications/Proposals are due at least 2 weeks
    before your event.
3.  Capital Items Fund for Capital items like computers, printers,
    and etc. However, there would need to be a stable, consistent
    location that the item(s) would be stored, like an office in
    Kerckhoff.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available here. If you need a current account
report, you can come into SGA and ask for one from one of wonderful
staff. (We are located at 332 Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found here.

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   Notice: the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   Notice: the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>I've never accessed my account, what do I do when I want to?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

Your student organization must have a signatory authorization form
on file with SGA, before any of the funds may be accessed. A
signatory authorization form is good for one fiscal year
(August-July) and each department must have at least two signatories
on file. These individuals are those that are authorized by the
student group to approve expenses using the department's funds.

When utilizing your SOOF funds, there are 3 options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement

\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most student groups, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair. You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate folder
according to the division portion of your 21-digit account number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option for Reimbursement, or Honorariums.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of Division Director's approval signature (Each
    director is a student and comes in as often as they can, but
    like you they have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and the appropriate director
signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.

</dd>
<dt>Where do I get req forms?</dt>
<dd>
For student organization receiving SOOF funds, req forms are NOT
free! They are available for purchase from SGA in batches of ten for
$ 1.00 (a dime each). Only those who are authorized signatories for
the office may purchase reqs. The charge for the
</dd>
</dl>

## Academic Affairs Commission

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the Academic Affairs Commission, now what?</dt>
<dd>
Funds from the Academic Affairs Commission are access through the
Academic Affairs Mini-Grants and the Academic Success Referendum
Fund (ASRF).

The Mini-Grants fund can be used for expenses related to the event
that you submitted your proposal for. Please keep in mind that these
funds cannot be used to pay for any types of food, travel expenses,
or the instruction of non-UCLA students.

The Academic Success Referendum Fund (ASRF) is also to be used for
expenses that you stated in your proposal for your event. Again,
ASRF does not fund any types of food or travel expenses.

For both the Academic Affairs Mini-Grant and Academic Success
Referendum Fund, you must fill out a req and follow SGA's procedures
and policies in accessing the funds allocated to your department by
the Academic Affairs Commission.

When figuring out how to access your funds, the best thing you can
do is go to the Resources and Forms section of the SGA's website and
go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook and read it from start to
finish. There is so much information that has been put together in
this one handbook for your use.

Your student organization must have a signatory authorization form
on file with SGA, before any of the funds may be accessed. A
signatory authorization form is good for one fiscal year
(August-July) and each department must have at least two signatories
on file. These individuals are those that are authorized by the
student group to approve expenses using the department's funds.

When utilizing your Academic Affairs Commission funds, there are 3
options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advances
3.  Reimbursements

\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most student groups, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair. You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate folder
according to the division portion of your 21-digit account number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option for Reimbursement, or Honorariums.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use AAC money for?</dt>
<dd>
The Academic Affairs Mini-Grants fund can only be used for expenses
related to the event that you submitted your proposal for. Please
keep in mind that these funds cannot be used to pay for any types of
food, travel expenses, or the instruction of non-UCLA students.

</dd>
<dt>What can I NOT use AAC money for?</dt>
<dd>
The Academic Affairs Mini-Grants fund can only be used for expenses
related to the event that you submitted your proposal for. Please
keep in mind that these funds cannot be used to pay for any types of
food, travel expenses, or the instruction of non-UCLA students.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   Notice: the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   Notice: the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use
    (Honorarium, Cash Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders
    all have different required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of Division Director's approval signature (Each
    director is a student and comes in as often as they can, but
    like you they have academic and extracurricular commitments.)

In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and the appropriate director
signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.

</dd>
<dt>Where do I get req forms?</dt>
<dd>
For departments receiving funds from the Academic Affairs
Commission, req forms are free! They are available at SGA.
</dd>
</dl>

## Campus Programs Committee

<dl>
<dt>Where do I access my funding from the Campus Programs Committee?</dt>
<dd>
Funding from the Campus Programs Committee is provided through the
Center for Student Programming in 105 Kerckhoff Hall. However, you
should refer to your advisor for specific questions regarding the
process for the funding from the CPC.
</dd>
</dl>

## Community Activities Committee

<dl>
<dt>Where do I access my funding from the Community Activities Committee?</dt>
<dd>
Funding from the Community Activities Committee is provided through
the Center for Student Programming in 105 Kerckhoff Hall. However,
you should refer to your advisor for specific questions regarding
the process for the funding from the CAC.
</dd>
</dl>

## Community Service Mini Fund

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the Community Service Mini Fund, now what?</dt>
<dd>
Funds allocated to your department/student organization by the
Community Service Mini Fund, are accessed through SGA and the req
form.

When trying to access your CS Mini Fund money, the best thing you
can do is go to the Resources and Forms section of the SGA's website
and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook and read it from
start to finish. There is so much information that has been put
together in this one handbook for your use.

Your student organization must have a signatory authorization form
on file with SGA, before any of the funds may be accessed. A
signatory authorization form is good for one fiscal year
(August-July) and each department must have at least two signatories
on file. These individuals are those that are authorized by the
student group to approve expenses using the department's funds.

When utilizing your Community Service Mini funds, there are 3
options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most student groups, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair. You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate folder
according to the division portion of your 21-digit account number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option for Reimbursements, or Honorariums.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use CS Mini Fund money for?</dt>
<dd>
Must be for an undergraduate student organization involved in
community service programs which contribute to the elimination of
poverty and social problems and/or provide services such as the
improvement of education and health for disadvantaged groups. May
fund advertising, facilities, graphics, supplies, transportations,
and food. Food will only be served if the program is at least four
hours long, is served to service recipients only, and upon
documentation that requires the organization to serve a meal.

</dd>
<dt>What can I NOT use CS Mini Fund money for?</dt>
<dd>
Any applicant seeking USA Programming Funds may not apply for
funding from the Community Service Mini-Fund for the same program or
event. USA Bylaw Article VI Section D-1d. USAC shall not provide
funds charms, pens, trophies or any other similar items for any
social activities with the exception of paper certificates of
appreciation for Community Service Commission volunteers.
Honorariums will not be funded by CS Mini Fund.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   Notice: the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   Notice: the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.
</dd>
</dl>

## Contingency Capital Items Fund

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the Contingency Capital Items Fund, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

As a USAC officer or appointed position-holder, you will submit your
signature in the beginning of your appointment. However, for any of
your staff members to be able to sign reqs, your office must have a
signatory authorization form on file with SGA, before any of the
funds may be accessed. A signatory authorization form is good for
one fiscal year (August-July). These individuals are those that are
authorized by the student government office to approve expenses
using the office's SGOF funds.

When utilizing your CCI funds, there are 3 options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most departments, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair (FiCom). You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate
folder according to the division portion of your 21-digit account
number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use Contingency-Capital money for?</dt>
<dd>
Contingency-Capital money can be utilized for Computer and
peripherals, with a cap of $1,500.00which can be used for such items
as a computer, a monitor, a printer, lockdown and upgrades; and
miscellaneous equipment such as file cabinets, shelving, fax
machine, desk and chair(s).

</dd>
<dt>What can I NOT use Contingency-Capital money for?</dt>
<dd>
USA Bylaw Article VI Section D-1d. USAC shall not provide funds
charms, pens, trophies or any other similar items for any social
activities with the exception of paper certificates of appreciation
for Community Service Commission volunteers.

Purchasing of laptops, refrigerators, microwaves, copy machines,
televisions, DVD/CD players, digital cameras, camcorders, or other
sound equipment utilizing Contingency-Capital money are also
prohibited.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   *Notice:* the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   *Notice:* the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.
</dd>
</dl>

## Contingency Programming Fund

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the Contingency Programming Fund, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

As a USAC officer or appointed position-holder, you will submit your
signature in the beginning of your appointment. However, for any of
your staff members to be able to sign reqs, your office must have a
signatory authorization form on file with SGA, before any of the
funds may be accessed. A signatory authorization form is good for
one fiscal year (August-July). These individuals are those that are
authorized by the student government office to approve expenses
using the office's SGOF funds.

When utilizing your Contingency Programming Fund, there are 3
options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most departments, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair (FiCom). You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate
folder according to the division portion of your 21-digit account
number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use Contingency-Programming money for?</dt>
<dd>
The USA Contingency Fund shall be used for funding items and
activities which the USAC could not provide for during its initial
budgeting process. It shall fund advertising, graphics, facilities
(on-campus) and honorarium costs.

</dd>
<dt>What can I NOT use Contingency-Programming money for?</dt>
<dd>
USA Bylaw Article VI Section D-1d. USAC shall not provide funds
charms, pens, trophies or any other similar items for any social
activities with the exception of paper certificates of appreciation
for Community Service Commission volunteers.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   *Notice:* the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   *Notice:* the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.
</dd>
</dl>

## Cultural Affairs Fund Application

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the Cultural Affairs Fund Application, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

As a USAC officer or appointed position-holder, you will submit your
signature in the beginning of your appointment. However, for any of
your staff members to be able to sign reqs, your office must have a
signatory authorization form on file with SGA, before any of the
funds may be accessed. A signatory authorization form is good for
one fiscal year (August-July). These individuals are those that are
authorized by the student government office to approve expenses
using the office's SGOF funds.

When utilizing your Cultural Affairs Fund Application, there are 3
options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most departments, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair (FiCom). You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate
folder according to the division portion of your 21-digit account
number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use Cultural Affairs Fund Application money for?</dt>
<dd>
The Cultural Programming fund should be used only as a last resort
AFTER you have applied to other funding sources. Cultural Affairs
Fund is for programs that are cultural in nature, whether it is
promoting cultural diversity and/or awareness.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   *Notice:* the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   *Notice:* the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.
</dd>
</dl>

## USA/BOD Programming Fund

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the USA/BOD Programming Fund, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

As a USAC officer or appointed position-holder, you will submit your
signature in the beginning of your appointment. However, for any of
your staff members to be able to sign reqs, your office must have a
signatory authorization form on file with SGA, before any of the
funds may be accessed. A signatory authorization form is good for
one fiscal year (August-July). These individuals are those that are
authorized by the student government office to approve expenses
using the office's SGOF funds.

When utilizing your USA/BOD Programming Fund, there are 3 options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authoriz

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most departments, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair (FiCom). You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate
folder according to the division portion of your 21-digit account
number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use USA/BOD Programming Fund money for?</dt>
<dd>
USA/BOD Programming Funds are to be allocated only for programs to
be held in UCLA facilities.

Any undergraduate student government office or registered student
organization shall be eligiable for USA/ BOD Programming Funds. May
fund advertiosing, assistance, facilities, graphics, honorarium,
supplies, transportations, retreats, and conferences.

</dd>
<dt>What can I NOT use USA/BOD Programming Fund money for?</dt>
<dd>
Any applicant seeking USA Programming Funds may not apply for
funding from the Community Service Mini-Fund for the same program or
event.

USA Bylaw Article VI Section D-1d. USAC shall not provide funds
charms, pens, trophies or any other similar items for any social
activities with the exception of paper certificates of appreciation
for Community Service Commission volunteers. USA Programming
Allocation is part of student registration fees paid to UCLA each
quarter. These funds may NOT be used to purchase the following:

-   Food
-   T-shirts
-   CDs or DVDs
-   Cameras
-   Flowers and plants
-   Candles
-   Personal reimbursement of an honorarium payment
-   IM sports fees
-   Decorations
-   Picture frames
-   Plaques and engraving
-   Trophies and charms
-   Parking or traffic citations consult with the budget Review
    Diretor AND the SGA manager before purchasing any of the above
    items.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   *Notice:* the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   *Notice:* the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.
</dd>
</dl>

## External Vice President's Travel Grant

<dl>
<dt>I received funds from the EVP's Travel Grant, now what?</dt>
<dd>
The best thing you can do is go to the Resources and Forms section
of the SGA's website and go to the "What's a Req" Tutorial handbook
and read it from start to finish. There is so much information that
has been put together in this one handbook for your use.

As a USAC officer or appointed position-holder, you will submit your
signature in the beginning of your appointment. However, for any of
your staff members to be able to sign reqs, your office must have a
signatory authorization form on file with SGA, before any of the
funds may be accessed. A signatory authorization form is good for
one fiscal year (August-July). These individuals are those that are
authorized by the student government office to approve expenses
using the office's SGOF funds.

When utilizing your EVP's Travel Grant, there are 3 options.

1.  Purchase Orders
2.  Cash Advance
3.  Reimbursement


\*\* Start the process early. The earlier you start, the better SGA
will be able to accommodate any changes, unexpected developments,
and help you make your vendors happy. (Vendors are any person or
company that gets paid.)

With purchase orders, an estimate is needed with your req. After
your req is approved and processed, SGA will produce a purchase
order for you to give to the vendor. Always make sure that the
vendor will accept a PO first. After you give the vendor the PO, an
invoice will be mailed to SGA or should be forwarded to SGA if given
to you, and SGA will pay the vendor directly. With POs, the money is
set aside in your account for the purchase, to avoid the instance
that an account could be depleted with other expenses.

With cash advances, an estimate is needed with your req. After your
req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for you. It
can be written to you or the vendor. Cash advance checks must always
be picked up. No exceptions. Once you pick up the check, you are
responsible for providing receipts within 2 weeks. Otherwise, your
University records will be placed on HOLD, which means that you
would be unable to register or enroll for classes; it could affect
your financial aid, and the release of your transcripts, and
diploma. The benefit of a cash advance, however, is that you don't
have to front your own money for the purchases and you guarantee
that the money is available in your account before making your
purchases and that your purchase is authorized and approved.

With reimbursements, original receipts are needed with your req.
After your req is approved and processed, SGA will issue a check for
the person who paid for the expenses (aka payee). The check can be
available for pick up or mailed to the payee. With reimbursements,
the payee is taking on the high risk of fronting the funds for the
expenses. If anything purchased is not authorized, the payee will
not be fully reimbursed. In addition, with most departments, the
funds are being used simultaneously and it is possible that an
account could become depleted and there would be no longer any funds
to reimburse the payee.

Once you determine which method of payment, you must fill out a req.
See our detailed PowerPoint presentation or the handout version for
step by step instructions on filling out the req.

As for your account number, you should refer to the budget report
online or obtain a report from SGA staff.

Once the req is filled out, it has to be approved by the division
chair (FiCom). You can turn in your req at SGA into the appropriate
folder according to the division portion of your 21-digit account
number.

Once approved, the req will be processed and a PO or check will be
generated. Remember: Cash advance checks must be picked up. Also,
direct deposit is NOT an option.

</dd>
<dt>What can I use EVP's Travel Grant money for?</dt>
<dd>
The advocacy grant must be used to support initiatives that relate
to social justice and advocacy. The EVP office encourages students
requesting funding to develop innovative and unique initiatives
including but not limited to: workshops, programming, community
outreach, teach-ins and educational panels, etc.

The grant can be used to fund costs associated with facilities,
publicity/advertising, supplies, and expenses essential the success
of the initiative. Funding initiatives must occuron UCLA campus.

</dd>
<dt>What can I NOT use EVP's Travel Grant money for?</dt>
<dd>
EVP's Travel Grant money may not be used for food or other
extraneous expenditures.

</dd>
<dt>What is my department number?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization is assigned a unique 4-digit department
number that SGA used to identify your group. You can find your
department number, as it is 4th part of your 21-digit account number
and at the top of the weekly updated budget report online, as well
as in a pdf document that SGA has on its website here.

-   For the list of department numbers and the student
    organization's name, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/sgdnumbers.pdf).
-   To find the budget report that is online, [click
    here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).

</dd>
<dt>How do I know how much is in my account?</dt>
<dd>
Your student organization's account and its balance is updated
online every week and available
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sgainstructions.php).
If you need a current account report, you can come into SGA and ask
for one from one of wonderful staff. (We are located at 332
Kerckhoff.)

If you need help reading the budget report, SGA has provided a
helpful guide to reading the budget report and to translate the
21-digit account number from the report to the req. This guide can
be found
[here](http://students.asucla.ucla.edu/funding/sga/accounthelp.pdf).

</dd>
<dt>What is my account number?</dt>
<dd>
Your account number is a 21-digit number that is divided into 6
parts.

-   The first part is the entity: Undergraduate is always 1.
-   The second part is the fund: 4-digits long.
-   -   The third part is the division: 3-digits, and also how you
    know which folder in our office you can turn in your req to for
    approval signatures.
-   The fourth part is your department number: 4-digits, and unique
    to your student group.
-   The fifth part is G/L (General Ledger) number: 4-digits, and
    related to the account's purpose.
-   The sixth part is the event code: 5-digits, sometimes, it may be
    specific to your event. (With SOOF funds, the event code should
    be "00000".)


An example of an account number is: 1-4120-100-1001-6010-00000

-   *Notice:* the division number is 100, which indicates that FiCom
    must sign any req that uses this account number and those reqs
    would be placed into the Gold folder in SGA.
-   *Notice:* the G/L number is 6010, which is for supplies. This
    account can only be used to purchase supplies for the student
    group's office, like paper, pens, and etc.

</dd>
<dt>How quickly can I get the money?</dt>
<dd>
The processing of a req is dependent on three things:

1.  Completeness and comprehensiveness of req form
2.  Inclusion of all required attachments according to use (Cash
    Advance, Reimbursement, and Purchase Orders all have different
    required attachments.)
3.  Timeliness of FiCom's approval signature (Realize that FiCom is
    a student and comes in as often as he/she can, but like you,
    he/she have academic and extracurricular commitments.)


In an ideal situation, if the req is correctly filled out and all of
the necessary attachments are included, and FiCom signs it before:

-   Wednesday, the check or purchase order will be ready by Friday.
-   Friday, the check or purchase order will be ready the following
    Tuesday.
</dd>
</dl>
